Implementing a GraphQL server using Prisma, SQLite, and Nest.js with Typescript (#3066)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/implementing-a-graphql-server-using-prisma-sqlite-and-nestjs-with-typescript/index.md

  @Query('posts')
  async posts() {
    return this.postService.posts();
  }

  @Query('post')
  async post(@Args('id') args: string) {
    return this.postService.post(args);
  }

  @Mutation('createPost')
  async create(@Args('input') args: NewPost) {
    return this.postService.createPost(args);
  }

  @Mutation('updatePost')
  async update(@Args('input') args: UpdatePost) {
    return this.postService.updatePost(args);
  }

  @Mutation('deletePost')
  async delete(@Args('id') args: string) {
    return this.postService.deletePost(args);
  }
}
```

The above file exposes all our queries and mutations.

### Connecting Prisma service, post service and post resolvers with providers
For our resolvers and services to be accessed, we need to encapsulate them in a module as providers. We therefore create a _posts.module.ts_ file inside the _src/posts_ folder and add the following:

```ts
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { PostResolvers } from './posts.resolvers';
import { PostService } from './posts.service';
import { PrismaService } from 'src/prisma.service';

@Module({
  providers: [PostResolvers, PostService, PrismaService],
})
export class PostModule {}
```

> From above, we are simply adding the _PostResolvers_ and _PostService_ as providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the file above, we are simply adding the _PostResolvers_ and _PostService_ as providers.
```

### Adding post Mutations
Edit the _src/app.module.ts_ file as follows:

```ts
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { GraphQLModule } from '@nestjs/graphql';
import { PostModule } from './posts/posts.module';

@Module({
  imports: [
    PostModule,
    GraphQLModule.forRoot({
      typePaths: ['./**/*.graphql'],
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> From above, we are exposing the _GraphQLModule_ and _PostModule_ in the module's imports array. In addition, we are also specifying the _typePaths_ for the _GraphQLModule_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the file above, we are exposing the _GraphQLModule_ and _PostModule_ in the module's imports array. Also, we are specifying the _typePaths_ for the _GraphQLModule_.
```

    updatePost(input:{
      id:1,
      published:true
    }){
      id
      title
      content
      published
    }
}
```

Feel free to enter the id of the post you want to update. For example, in the above mutation, we are just updating the published field. You can also edit the title and content field in the same way. Hit the play button at the centre and observe the results on the right pane.

![updating-a-post](/engineering-education/implementing-a-graphql-server-using-prisma-sqlite-and-nestjs-with-typescript/updating-a-post.png)

#### Deleting a post
Open a separate tab on the playground and enter the following on the left pane:

```js
mutation deletePost{
    deletePost(id:1){
      id
      title
      content
      published
    }
}
```

Feel free to enter the id of the post you want to delete on the id param. Then, hit the play button at the centre and observe the results on the right side.

![deleting-a-post](/engineering-education/implementing-a-graphql-server-using-prisma-sqlite-and-nestjs-with-typescript/deleting-a-post.png)

### Conclusion
At this point, we have created a GraphQL API using Prisma and Nest JS consisting of all CRUD operations.

> To gain more insight knowledge concerning Prisma, Nest JS, and GraphQL, check out the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To gain more insight knowledge on Prisma, Nest JS, and GraphQL, check out the following resources:
```
